Various small updates (#120)
valohai/docs: source/tutorials/cloud-storage/private-azure-storage/index.rst

   :backlinks: none
   :local:

.. container:: alert alert-warning

>    Data Stores can be either configured on a project-level, or as shared Data Stores across your organization.
>    
>    This guide will show you how to configure a Data Store for a single project, but you can follow the same steps to configure a shared Data Store under your settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Data Stores can be either configured on project level, or shared across your organization.
   
   This guide will show you how to configure a Data Store for a single project, but you can follow the same steps to configure a shared Data Store under your settings.
   
   You can also promote a previously created Data Store from a project owned by your organization to a shared store.
```
